(Franklin grunting)
Hey, Lenny!
Open up the door, homie!
Shit.
Whoa, God!
KARVEL: Hey, what we talking 'bout, man?
FRANKLIN: Just a couple grand.
Couple grand, huh?
You take a gun out of this house,
you better be ready to use it.
They're decommissioned. They're on
their way to destruction. No deal.
You have a problem
with the serial number.
Okay, before we go, you and I,
we get power tools,
we grind the numbers out
ourselves.
(grunts)
(smack)
(speaking Spanish)
Tomas o Enrique?
Should be Enrique.
PEDRO: I told you,
Enrique's a killer.
He's big, el vato.
I'll make sure
the door's unlocked.
You two go in behind me.
(car door opens and closes)
(keys jangle, metal clanks)
(both speaking Spanish)
(exhales deeply)
(rustling)
Right there.
(keys jangling)
(faucet running)
(faucet shuts off)
What?
♪♪
(gunshot)
LEON: Hey! Don't shoot.
Found out where Karvel stay.
Word is,
he been spending, too.
Nasty down here.
Smell like
my cousin's mattress.
(gunshot)
Oh, shit!
We go over there, hope you do
better than that.
What you need to do
is shoot something real.
Get the fuck outta here,
man.
You can't kill nothing living,
then how you gonna kill Karvel?
You real enough.
Want me to shoot you, huh?
Hey, give me that shit.
Don't want that booty bandit near me.
Nah, man.
Hey, come on, square ass.
Let me get that shit.
Man, back up,
fake-ass Tookie.
Hey, come on, let me
give it a shot, nigga.
Let go --
Shit!
(exhales sharply)
Shoot. My bad, nigga.
(sighs deeply)
It's a loaded fucking gun!
What the hell is wrong
with you, man?!
You ain't gotta be doing
all that yelling!
You wanna be the trigger man,
go ahead. It's all you.
Just... (mutters)
(sighs heavily)
♪♪
(gunshot)
(The Fixx's One Thing Leads
to Another playing)
♪ The deception with tact
♪ Just what are they trying
to say? ♪
♪ They've got a blank face,
which irritates ♪
♪ Communicate,
pull out their party piece ♪
♪ They see dimensions in two
♪ State your case
with black or white ♪
♪ But when one little cross
leads to shots ♪
♪ Grit your teeth
♪ They run for cover
so discreet, why don't they ♪
♪ Do what they say,
say what you mean ♪
♪ But then one thing
leads to another ♪
♪ You told me something wrong,
I know I listen too long ♪
♪ But then
♪ One thing leads to another
♪ Yeah, yeah
♪ One thing
♪ One thing leads to another
(thud)
Um, hola.
♪♪
(speaks Spanish)
(groans) Sh...
(lowered voice)
Amigo, amigo.
No, no! No!
Wait. Come on.
Hey, hey, uh...
(men speaking in Spanish)
(Indistinct conversations
in Spanish)
(guns cocking)
Uh, uh, uh, paz. Paz.
I-I come in paz.
(men speaking in Spanish)
(gun thuds)
(man speaks in Spanish)
Jesus Christ.
(sighs)
Morning.
How the fucking hell
did you get here?
Are you wondering which planes
I took specifically
or what podunk towns
I took 'em to?
Or you're asking how I found
this well-hidden haven
of guerilla warfare?
(sighs)
Let's put it this way.
It's a good thing
the Sandinistas
don't have access to the same
satellites as the CIA.
So you came here
for the rockets?
I told you. Those serial numbers
are coming off.
Well, I've got the FSLN
breathing down my neck.
I've got mines to set,
coke to pack --
Then we should probably
get started now.
Tell your men.
You have a leech
on your bicep.
Oh. Oh, God. Ugh!
(laughter)
(men speaking Spanish)
(resumes scraping)
Thirsty?
I put one of those
iodine tablets in it.
Has it been at least
30 minutes?
'Cause it takes at least
30 minutes
for the iodine to start
to kill off the pathogens.
-Just drink it.
-Thanks.
(laughs)
Hey, who's that kid?
He belong to anyone?
Wandered into camp
a while back.
Lived on a ranch nearby.
But his dad got sick
and died.
Yeah.
Where do you learn such good
Spanish, G.I. Joe?
Uh, university.
You wanna play some music?
Don't wanna waste battery.
Only station we get here
is news, anyway.
You a baseball fan?
Yeah. You?
(chuckles)
Crazy kid.
Got any of your own?
No.
Shit, yeah.
Jesus, what am I saying?
Um, I have a son.
You remember his name
or you forget that, too?
His name is Paul.
He is 2.
Guessing you don't get
to see him much.
Yeah. Well, you know...
travel to tropical paradises
seems to keep me otherwise
occupied lately.
Mm.
(helicopter blades whirring)
Been circling for weeks.
Only a matter of time before
they find us.
You don't like him?
It isn't personal.
No, but you still
don't like him.
He wasn't always
so difficult.
You lose enough,
it changes you.
Underneath it all,
he just wants his life back,
same as the rest of us.
Sounds like you know him
pretty well.
Yeah, well...
He's my husband.
(dogs barking)
(barks)
No, he didn't.
There's your money.
And those rims
is 800 bucks apiece.
(barks)
(dog barking)
At least his punk ass
know how to get down.
Sure he in here?
I don't know.
Hey, hold up. You're ready to
smoke his ass, right?
'Cause if we take that car,
he gonna hunt us down
and rape our asses like
a couple of bitches, too.
Stay with me, man.
(barking continues
in distance)
(door creaking)
Nigga so turnt out,
he turnt over.
Hey, what the fuck?
(body thuds, bottles clatter)
(gun cocks)
(thuds)
(barking continues
in distance)
(inhaling sharply)
(sniffs, coughs)
Puta madre.
(sniffing)
How much longer we have
to wait? (sniffs)
Till dark.
Dark like... (sniffs)
like 7:30 or...
(sniffs)
Midnight.
Midnight?
But it gets dark at like...
(sighs)
(door opens)
(inhaling sharply)
(door closes)
I don't like this kind.
The caramel.
Gets stuck in my teeth.
LUCIA: My hands are dirty.
(faucet turns on)
(whispers) We gotta
watch her, keep an eye.
(scoffs) Look at her.
She's not handling this well.
She takes spiders outside,
yells at me if I kill one.
Can't even handle spider guts.
How's she supposed to...
(sniffs)
(thread breaks)
Do you think it was weird
Enrique had that poster
on his wall?
¿Qué?
Yeah, it was near where
I found his hand,
when we were cleaning.
This guy's good.
I like the way he draws tits.
For some movie called
"Prom Night."
"If you're not back by midnight,
you won't be coming home."
(exhales slowly)
(inhales sharply)
How bad is it?
I've seen worse.
You know what
you're doing, right?
Why would Enrique have a poster
like that on his wall?
I don't seem him liking a movie
enough to buy the poster.
Maybe he found it?
(inhales sharply)
Or somebody gave it to him.
Aah! (inhales sharply)
Perdona.
(grunts, groans)
(exhaling slowly)
Sorry.
(exhales deeply)
Whatchu gonna do?
Cocaine's an anesthetic.
(moaning)
(exhales deeply)
Is that better?
Yeah.
(exhales slowly)
The pain's all gone.
(exhales deeply)
You kidding me?
FRANKLIN: All I'm saying
is the car is yours.
You're kidding me.
It's in mint condition,
brand-new.
It just comes with
a slight hitch.
"Slight hitch"?
And he's in there
right now?
This...ice cream cake boy?
Karvel, yeah.
And you bring this bullshit
to my house?
To my driveway?
It's only 'cause we know
the astute kind
of businessman you are
And you appreciate
a cool-ass deal.
Why is he
fucking talking to me?
I'm disappointed.
This is pea-brained.
What you think, I got some kind
of barter system set up here?
And bringing me
your enemies?
What?
So I gotta deal with them?
Nah. More like an offering.
Yeah, maybe try out some other
bulletproof vests on him --
Enough. Get out of my sight
with this.
And get me my money.
Otherwise --
Baby?
When we gonna finish our game?
These are my children.
Say hi, children.
'Sup?
Hey.
I have adopted them.
I'm raising them up to be men.
I'll be a second.
Okay.
It's a project I've been
working on, so...
Begone, children.
Wait.
Man, this some bullshit.
Just be patient.
Be patient? I've been patient like a
goose, motherfucker. (door opens)
How is a goose patient?
(door closes)
You know what I mean.
What?
The Mojave Desert
is my burial spot of choice.
I suggest you dig deep so that
the coyotes don't get him.
♪♪
(grass trimmer whirring)
Hola.
(speaking Spanish)
Um...
(men speaking Spanish)
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Sorry, sorry. Uh, uh...
(pen clicks)
She likes you.
She doesn't like anyone.
I gotta show you something.
American baseball
big in my town.
Red Sox my favorite.
Mm. Kansas City for me.
The Royals suck ass.
Come on.
So you're CIA, right?
You, uh, you know about
the CIA?
I know you help us.
(monkey chittering)
Fuck the commies, right?
That's right.
You go to other camps, too?
No, not -- not yet.
But you might?
You know, I don't know.
And you will bring them guns
and stuff, too?
-MAN: Ah. (laughs)
-Hey!
(man laughing)
I hate them!
Always same dumb joke.
What town?
What?
You said, uh, baseball was
big in your town.
What town are you from?
Jinotega. San José de Bocay.
So how'd you come here?
My dad died. Then I came.
What happened to him?
You're no fucking fun, man.
(Jesus Wayne's
Chicago Party Theme playing)
♪ Chicago party is the place
Hey, let's roll his ass off
a cliff and split, man.
What?
Let the wolves eat his ass.
Just leave his body
out in the open?
That's the dumbest thing
I ever heard.
Don't hear you offering up
anything better.
♪ We are the party people
♪ And this is where we gather
(thumping)
♪ Yeah
(loud thud) KARVEL: (muffled
voice) Oh, hell, no!
Shit.
Aw, shit, man!
This is not happening.
(thud)
This my trunk?!
Let me the fuck up outta here!
He sounds really mad
right now.
(Karvel shouting indistinctly) Gotta
pull over and deal with this shit, man.
Nah, we're not far enough out.
How far we gotta be?!
Shit.
Get me the fuck up outta here!
-Shit.
-(shouts indistinctly)
Shit!
You're gonna need
some antibiotics.
It's gonna get infected.
What's wrong?
Nada. Thinking about my gym,
not a wrestling gym, no más.
My boxing gym, too.
And in two months,
como dijiste.
Where's Pedro?
I'll paint the floor red.
It'll be purita quality.
All-steel frame,
corner cushions,
ring padding, ring skirts.
(chuckles)
(speaks Spanish)
(gunshot)
(gunshots)
(door creaking)
Pedro!
Pedro, what did you do?
I shot a rat.
Why?
It was coming at me.
GUSTAVO: That's not a rat.
Fuck you, it's not a rat.
Look at it.
This is un possum, pendejo.
Possums are nocturnal.
Who gives a shit what it is?
We have a house full of coke
and a body in your trunk.
What if somebody calls the cops?
You got his blood on you.
Go change.
(sniffs)
Why?
Just gonna get
all dirty again.
Oso.
Can you --
can you put it in the trunk?
We'll bury it with Enrique.
You have a bag?
♪ ...to me
(pounding on trunk)
-KARVEL: Let me up outta here!
-Shit.
Yeah, yeah. Crank it, crank it.
(volume increases)
AIR SUPPLY: ♪ I used to think
I was tied to a heartache ♪
♪ That was the heartbreak,
but now that I've found you ♪
♪ Even the nights are better
♪ Now that we're here together ♪
Now that we're here together ♪
♪ Even the nights are better
(Karvel shouting indistinctly) ♪
Since I found you, oh, whoa, whoa ♪
♪ Even the days are brighter
♪ When someone you love's...
(muffled thud)
♪♪
♪ Turn off
that washing machine ♪
Hey, listen.
(volume decreases)
♪♪
Did he pass out?
♪ Call up
all your girlfriends ♪
(thudding)
Oh, shit! Oh, shit!
He's got a crowbar!
Give me the gun! Give me
the gun! Give me the gun!
Hurry up! Give me that shit!
(gunshot)
Ow!
Fuck!
(gunshots)
Did you get him?
Shit!
(screams)
(all shouting indistinctly)
I'm fucking driving, man! Shit!
(tires screeching)
(shouting indistinctly)
♪♪
Shoot!
(gunshots)
Aah!
(thud)
(screaming)
Shit.
I ain't jumpin' down that.
(birds chirping)
ALEJANDRO: Coke's ready.
Help me load the Jeep.
Hey.
We need a better way.
What?
Transporting the coca leaves
from Colombia or Peru
or wherever the fuck.
Processing it here
doesn't make any sense.
We should be synthesizing it
where it's grown
and transporting it after.
Means dealing with Colombians.
Trying to avoid that.
What's that?
Oh, just give me a minute,
will you?
♪♪
(man shouting in Spanish)
(Popeye crying)
(man continues shouting
in Spanish)
I saw the kid come out of
this tree when I first arrived.
I climbed up there later,
and I found this.
(shouting in Spanish continues)
It's called a firefly,
an infrared transmitter.
Anybody with a receiver
can locate it.
And thus the camp.
Someone in a helicopter, say.
The only reason
they haven't attacked yet
is he didn't attach
the battery properly.
I can't believe
I didn't see this.
Sandinistas are smart,
using a kid. But...
-(man shouts in Spanish)
-POPEYE: No, no, no.
He asked a lot of questions.
And he knew about the CIA.
And he was from Bocay.
(man and Popeye
shouting in Spanish)
But, uh, mostly I can tell
when someone's lying to me.
Give it to me.
(shouting in Spanish continues)
We put it in a tree
5 miles east.
When the helicopters come,
we'll shoot them down.
He could be useful. You could
turn him into a double.
Can't risk it.
He's just a kid.
A kid who tried
to kill us all.
(exhales deeply)
(inhales sharply)
(Lucia speaks Spanish)
You've seen people die
before.
Max.
Enrique.
One other.
¿Y tú?
You've seen someone
die before?
Hmm?
Nunca.
(pager beeping and vibrating)
(sniffles)
(beeping continues)
Fuck! Fuck!
9-1-1. My dad. I gotta go.
(sniffles) Give me your keys.
I can't take my car.
There's all this shit
in the trunk. Come on.
You're not right, ese.
Ramiro pages him, he has to go.
He's suspicious if he doesn't. Yeah.
Hand over your keys, you fucking oaf.
(speaks Spanish)
I know what happened.
The fuck you talkin' about?
In Enrique's kitchen.
When Gustavo was knocked out,
and that fucking animal
was on top of me,
with his hands around my neck,
choking me to death.
And you just stood there
with that fucking knife,
staring.
You don't know what you're saying.
You froze!
If Gustavo hadn't woken up,
Pedro, I'd be dead.
You know it, and I know it.
Before you go to your father's,
you have to go home
and put on
your own clothes first.
And once you're there,
keep your head up.
Just like that.
And look him in the eye.
(sniffs)
Speak normally.
Be calm.
Say it.
I have to go home first,
put on my own clothes,
keep my head up,
look him in the eye.
Be normal.
You fuck this up,
and I'm gonna kill you.
(laughs)
Gustavo!
(sighs, sniffs)
(beads clacking)
(keys jangling)
(laughs)
Come back after it's done.
How the hell this motherfucker
still alive?
I don't know.
Maybe he zombified.
You stupid. You stupid.
Yeah, you know he like
an animal.
Can't see no more blood.
Where'd it go?
Nigga, I don't know.
What am I, a fucking Navajo?
Shit!
Hey, Saint.
Found a trail.
(breathing heavily)
(coughs)
(crows cawing)
(sniffles)
Please...
(gunshot)
(gunshot echoing)
Lucia...
(speaking Spanish)
(woman screaming,
man shouting in Spanish)
(woman continues screaming)
(footsteps approach)
(door creaking)
(gunshot)
(body thuds)
(woman screaming)
(footsteps approaching)
(blows air)
You should sleep.
You telling me what to do?
No.
'Cause, you know...
Technically, I'm your boss.
Sorry, patrona.
(chuckles)
I'm just kidding.
(sighs)
I just saw you...
crush a man's skull
with your bare hands.
I think that boss/employee
relationship
flew out the window.
What's going on with that?
I don't know.
(blows air)
Do you have any brothers
or sisters?
No.
(door opens)
How did it go?
(keys jangle)
Arturo went
to Enrique's house,
three hours after we'd left.
Fuck.
(chuckles)
That was close.
We could've still been there.
Yeah, but it worked.
Ramiro thinks Enrique ran off
after stealing the money.
Good.
Come on. It's time.
Let's go.
(keys jangle, door opens)
(indistinct conversation
in Spanish)
I heard you wanted
to let the kid go.
Do you know how much damage
that would've done?
We're not
flying into Hawthorne.
(sighs) What?
Didn't have time to vet
the customs guys.
Where we gonna land, then?
(gunshot in distance)
I'll come back in 10
to pick you up.
(engine starts)
(Jeep departs)
♪♪
(monkey chitters)
(lowered voice) Go.
Get the fuck out of here.
In a few weeks, you should
start receiving shipments.
Supplies and weapons
and whatever you need.
Give this to Alejandro.
Tell him, "Don't forget."
(papers rustling)
(hip-hop music playing)
Y'all had an animal
back there?
Uh, yeah.
I'll give you $23K.
Twenty-th-- I bought it
yesterday. It's brand-new.
And the custom rims.
Maybe.
But you sure can fuck up
an upholstery job in 24 hours.
♪♪
All right, man. One sec.
Let me confer with
my business associate.
♪♪
You the one went
to that fancy school,
but my math tell me, that ain't
enough to pay that Israeli.
Mm.
♪♪
I got something else
I could sell.
MAN:
You are full of surprises.
Scraggly-ass kid
with a Caddy
and a crotch rocket.
Hey, can I have this?
A'ight.
I'll take it.
I'll give you $800.
♪♪
A kid like you gonna do
with all that money anyway?
(dog barking in distance)
LEON: Now we re-up.
(siren wailing in distance)
Listen, uh, thanks
for me, you know...
Hey, don't worry 'bout it.
Hey, where you goin'?
Saint!
Hit me tomorrow.
(helicopter blades whirring)
(dog barking in distance)
♪♪
You should invest in
your own shovel
if you're in it
for the long haul.
And always keep plenty
of heavy duty garbage bags
in the trunk of your car.
♪♪
And rubber gloves.
Rubbing alcohol.
Air freshener.
Yo, Muir.
Huh?
♪♪
Set the kid up
with 3 more kilos.
Uh, actually, I'm...
I'm good.
♪♪
What?
I'm out.
♪♪
Thank you.
(chuckles)
Well...
You lasted longer than
I thought you would, kid.
(clicks tongue)
This isn't for everybody.
Hey, girl.
Why don't you get out
of the pool
and bring your tight ass
over here?
(Avi laughs)
♪♪
♪ Mmm, mmm, mmm
-- Captions by VITA --